We need red, white, black and yellow polymer clay for making a red birds from "Angry Birds"
Divide red clay into 2 parts checking it with the size of earphones
Roll a ball and mold the future bird
Roll white clay and cut a semicircle with the help of shaper
Attach this to bird like this:
Don't forget that there is a 2 birds! :)
Sculpt eyes out of white and black clay, and a beak out of yellow
Time for angry eyebrows!
... and a lil' crest. Birds is ready!
try birds on earphones "shape to shape", and so it must be cofortable to wear
Smooth edges. Sprinkle clay with talk, so it does not stick to earphone
Bake it!
Varnish!
Check the shape of birds and earphones one more time and glut it with super glue
Original and updated earphones is ready! :)
SUBSCRIBE AND WATCH OTHER DIY'S